fun facts about the english language a
new word is added to the dictionary
every two hours pneuma ultra
microscopic silico volcano kenosis
that is the longest word in english the
most used word in english
it's the word i the word good
has over 380 synonyms in english there
is a word
q and it actually has five letters but
it's pronounced the same way
as its first letter q means lying the
word
synonym it's one of the few words in
english language that doesn't have
a synonym there are words in the english
language that don't have
a meaning they appeared because somebody
made a typo when they were working on
the dictionary